# __Case Study Heroku__

Heroku is a cloud platform supporting several modern compputer languages. Its primarily usecd as a web application deployment model. With Heroku Flow's continuous integrations, you as a developer, could make countinues changes to your applications code and it would test the code before and after you commit the changes to the mmaster branch. Heroku offers testing in their cloud letting the user optimize the testing enviroment in said cloud. Heroku Pipelines organizes apps sharing the same codebase into a review, development, staging, and production environments. The Heroku CI is fully integrated with Heroku Flow, so anytime you commit a change to a branch it automatically tests that change in a development enviroment test. When commited to master branch the CI would then do a sort of QA ennviroment test to make sure it all works together. With review apps the developement team can discuss what to do with if it dosent pass this test. After talking it over with other team-mates HEroku with create a disposable app this then promotes the code to the staging enviroment test. Lastly Realease Phase lets a developer run tasks before it is deployed to production. If the taskes fail it wont be released to production and wont make any changes to the original. I would use it for testing bits of code in my game then merge them to one and test again. I would baiscally use Heroku to test everything and anything I could with it. Except maybe preformance and stress/load testing.
